I TOLD YOU.
NO ONE IS IMPERVIOUS
TO THE LIGHT.
ASTER!
UHH...
ARE YOU ALL RIGHT?
SARTORIUS
BRAINWASHED YOU,
DIDN'T HE?
NO, JAY.
THAT'S NOT SARTORIUS.
IT'S NOT?
NO.
HIS BODY HAS BEEN
TAKEN OVER BY SOME
POWER-HUNGRY ALIEN,
AND ONLY YOU
CAN STOP IT.
YOU HOLD THE FINAL KEY,
AND IF HE GETS IT,
HE'LL CONTROL THE SATELLITE
AND THE FATE OF THE WORLD.
STOP HIM.
IT'S TOO LATE FOR ME.
IT'S ALL YOU.
DON'T SCREW UP. LATER.
HUH. HEY.
[BOTH GASP]
ALL RIGHT.
WHAT HAVE YOU DONE WITH HIM?
HA HA HA!
LET'S JUST SAY
HE'S RESTING,
BUT WHAT HAPPENS
TO HIM NEXT IS UP TO YOU.
BEHOLD ARCANA,
GODDESS OF JUDGMENT.
WHO?
IN ONE HAND
SITS ASTER'S KEY.
AND WHERE'S ASTER?
FUNNY
YOU SHOULD ASK.
HE'S IN ARCANA'S
OTHER HAND.
NOW WHAT?
HER ARMS FORM
THE SCALE OF JUDGMENT,
BUT LOOK.
THE SCALE IS A BIT
OFF BALANCE,
SO THIS IS WHERE
YOU COME IN.
ARCANA NEEDS
TO BE HOLDING BOTH KEYS.
IF NOT?
THEN THE SCALE
OF JUDGMENT WILL TIP,
AND ASTER WILL FALL.
AW, MAN.
HE'S FIGHTIN' DIRTY.
Sartorius: SO,
WHAT'S IT GOING TO BE--
THE KEY TO THE SATELLITE
OR YOUR FRIEND'S LIFE?
THE CHOICE
IS YOURS, JADEN.
HA HA HA!
♪ CHILLING OUT WITH
THE CREW IN THE SCHOOLYARD ♪
♪ FINDING TROUBLE,
NEVER LOOKING TOO HARD ♪
♪ WELL, BACK AT CLASS,
THEY NEVER TAUGHT US THIS ♪
♪ SOME THINGS YOU GOTTA
LEARN HIT OR MISS ♪
♪ TOUGH TIMES, HARD CLIMBS ♪
♪ WE'LL TAKE 'EM ON
TOGETHER ♪
♪ RIGHT NOW ♪
♪ LET'S GO ♪
♪ YU-GI-OH GX ♪
♪ GENERATION NEXT ♪
♪ GAME ON, GET YOUR GAME ON ♪
♪ COME ON, YOU BETTER
PLAY YOUR CARDS RIGHT ♪
♪ GAME ON, GET YOUR GAME ON ♪
♪ WE'LL MAKE THE GRADE
AND WIN THIS FIGHT ♪
♪ WE'LL MAKE THE GRADE SOMEHOW ♪
♪ YEAH, YU-GI-OH GX ♪
♪ GAME ON, GET YOUR GAME ON ♪
♪ COME ON, YOU BETTER
PLAY YOUR CARDS RIGHT ♪
♪ COME ON AND GET YOUR GAME ON ♪
Student:
I'M GONNA BE THE GX CHAMP.
WHO WANTS TO CHALLENGE ME NEXT?
Sheppard: ATTENTION,
ALL TOURNAMENT PARTICIPANTS.
THIS IS YOUR CHANCELLOR
SPEAKING.
AS YOU KNOW, THIS COMPETITION
IS COMING TO A CLOSE,
SO TO ALL OF YOU
MEDAL HOLDERS OUT THERE,
GOOD LUCK IN THE FINALS,
AND MAY THE MOST DESERVING
DUELIST WIN.
[THINKING] JADEN, I NEED
TO SEE THIS TOURNAMENT THROUGH,
SO IT'S UP TO YOU TO SAVE ASTER.
ALL RIGHT, THEY'RE
MOVING TOWARD THE LIGHT.
LISTEN UP.
THE GX CHAMPION
HAS TO BE ONE OF US.
THE FUTURE OF THE SOCIETY
DEPENDS ON IT.
NOW LET'S ILLUMINATE THE WORLD.
ALL HAIL
THE SOCIETY OF LIGHT.
AAH!
GUESS THINGS
CAN'T GET ANY WORSE.
AAH!
ALL HAIL THE LIGHT.
KISSED BY THE POISON
LIPS OF DEFEAT.
MAY AS WELL
LAY HERE FOREVER.
BONAPARTE, I'M GOING
TO ADVISE YOU AGAINST THAT
SINCE I'VE LOST ALL FEELING
BELOW MY CHEST.
Students: WHO'S GONNA WIN?
THE CHAZZ!
YEAH!
CHAZZ!
THE CHAZZ!
WHAT IN THE NAME--
Chazz: IF YOU SOCIETY GEEKS
HONESTLY THINK
YOU HAVE A SHOT AT THIS THING,
THINK AGAIN.
TELL 'EM WHO'S TAKING
THOSE MEDALS HOME.
THE CHAZZ.
THE CHAZZ!
WHAT THE--
READY, BOYS?
IT'S CHAZZ TIME.
[SHOUTING]
SO, THAT THING IS JUST
A HOLOGRAM, RIGHT?
YEAH, OF COURSE.
Linda: WRONG.
HUH?
LINDA?
PRINCE OJIN?
THE LIGHT IS
STRONGER THAN EVER,
AND IT BROUGHT
THAT STATUE TO LIFE,
SO THIS IS ALL REAL.
IT IS?
SO, LET ME GET THIS STRAIGHT.
IF JADEN DOESN'T
PUT HIS KEY
IN THAT STATUE'S HAND,
THEN ASTER'S GONNA--
PLUMMET TO HIS
ULTIMATE DOOM,
SO LET THE JUDGMENT
COMMENCE.
STOP IT. OHH...
JADEN, IF YOU
HAND OVER THAT KEY,
HE'LL HAVE CONTROL
OF THE SATELLITE.
AND HE'LL BRAINWASH
THE WHOLE WORLD.
Jaden: BUT IF I DON'T BALANCE
THE SCALE, ASTER IS A GONER.
Hassleberry: FATE OF
THE WORLD IN ONE HAND AND ONE
GUY'S LIFE IN THE OTHER.
SEEMS LIKE
A NO-BRAINER.
YEAH, BUT ASTER
IS OUR FRIEND.
THEN AGAIN,
THE FATE OF THE WORLD
IS PRETTY IMPORTANT, ALSO.
FRIENDSHIP VS. HUMANITY?
I WASN'T BUILT
FOR DECISIONS LIKE THIS.
YOU WIN. UH!
NO!
Linda:
WHAT HAVE YOU DONE?
Sartorius: YOU WOULD LET ME LEAD
THE ENTIRE WORLD INTO THE LIGHT
JUST TO SAVE ONE
INSIGNIFICANT LIFE?
I'M NOT LETTING YOU
DO ANYTHING.
YOUR WHOLE "TAKE OVER
THE WORLD" DEAL
JUST ISN'T HAPPENING.
OH, NO?
AND WHO'S GOING
TO STOP ME?
WHY DON'T I GIVE YOU
A LITTLE HINT?
HE WEARS A RED COAT,
HATES HOMEWORK,
BUT LOVES TO GET
HIS GAME ON.
HUH.
YOU FOOLISH HUMAN.
I HAVE TRAVELED
THROUGH SPACE
TO PURIFY YOUR PLANET
WITH THE POWER OF LIGHT.
DESTRUCTION IS CREATION.
NO!
Neos: JADEN...
HUH?
THE FORCE
THAT CONTROLS SARTORIUS
IS AS OLD AS TIME ITSELF.
NEOS, IS THAT YOU?
WHERE ARE YOU?
I EXIST IN NEO SPACE,
BUT SOON MY HOME WILL BE GONE,
ALONG WITH THE REST
OF THE UNIVERSE.
LIFE DRAWS ITS ENERGY FROM
THE BALANCE OF LIGHT AND DARK,
BUT THE LIGHT OF DESTRUCTION
THREATENS TO TIP THE BALANCE.
SO HOW DO I
EVEN THINGS OUT?
YOU MUST FIGHT THE LIGHT
WITH DARKNESS.
AH.
ALL RIGHT.
WE'RE GONNA DO
THINGS MY WAY, BRO.
GET YOUR GAME ON.
D'OH.
SAY WHAT?
IF I WIN, THEN
YOU TAKE A HIKE.
HA HA HA!
THAT'S ALL VERY CUTE,
BUT I DON'T NEED
TO DUEL YOU.
YOU'VE ALREADY
GIVEN ME WHAT I WANT.
WHAT WAS
I THINKING?
AW, MAN.
WE'RE ALL
DONE FOR.
SATELLITE KEYS,
COME TO MY HANDS.
AAH!
OOH!
UH!
I'M AFRAID
I HAVE OTHER PLANS.
NEOS, IT'S YOU.
YES, AND I SHALL
PROTECT THESE KEYS.
NOW, DEFEAT SARTORIUS
IN THIS DUEL,
AND THE LIGHT OF DESTRUCTION
WILL BE SEALED AWAY FOREVER.
THAT'S WHAT
YOU THINK.
LOOKS LIKE WE'RE
DUELING AFTER ALL.
HA HA HA!
DO YOU HONESTLY THINK
ANY OF THIS SURPRISES ME?
SORRY, BUT I'VE
FORESEEN THESE EVENTS.
PROVE IT.
THIS DUEL WILL END
IN YOUR DEFEAT, JADEN,
AND YOUR NEOSPACIAN FRIEND
WILL PERISH.
YEAH, RIGHT.
JUST TRY.
Chazz: DEFEATED IN ONE MOVE.
HOW LAME.
WHO'S THERE?
I'VE COME A LONG WAY
TO DUEL YOU, ZANE,
SO WHAT DO YA SAY?
CUTE OUTFIT, KID.
VERY FUNNY.
NOW, I NEED
TO WIN YOUR MEDAL,
SO LET'S DO THIS.
UH, YOU DROPPED
SOMETHING.
YEAH.
LOOKS LIKE I DID.
YA BETTER PICK IT UP
BEFORE SOMEONE ELSE GRABS IT.
SO, YOU'RE JUST
GONNA GIVE IT AWAY?
LET'S JUST SAY THAT
TOURNAMENTS AREN'T MY THING,
NEVER WERE,
SO TAKE YOUR LITTLE TRINKET
AND HAVE A BALL.
WELL, THIS TOURNAMENT
WAS FIXED.
CHANCELLOR,
THE TOURNAMENT
HAS A WINNER.
WHAT?
HE DEFEATED EVERY MEMBER
OF THE SOCIETY OF LIGHT.
THIS KID SINGLE-HANDEDLY
SAVED DUEL ACADEMY.
Students: CHAZZ IT UP.
CHAZZ IT UP.
CHAZZ IT UP. CHAZZ IT UP.
Chazz: IT'S GOOD
TO BE DA CHAZZ.
I HATE TO BURST
YOUR BUBBLE,
BUT DIDN'T YOU
LOSE TO JADEN?
HUH? D'OH!
ALEXIS, THAT DUEL
DIDN'T COUNT,
AND YOU KNOW IT.
MAYBE YOU'RE RIGHT.
I MEAN, MY MEMORY
IS A BLUR.
YEAH, REAL BLURRY.
SORRY. MY BAD.
WHEW.
WELL, IF THERE'S
NO ONE ELSE LEFT
AND CHAZZ HAS EVERY MEDAL,
THEN OUR WINNER IS--
Girl: HOLD
THAT THOUGHT.
HUH?
HE DOESN'T HAVE
EVERY MEDAL.
THEN, IT LOOKS LIKE THIS
TOURNAMENT IS STILL ON.
UH, SHOULD
WE KNOW YOU?
SHOW US YOUR FACE,
LOSER.
OH, REAL MATURE,
BUT I NEED TO KNOW
SOMETHIN' FIRST.
WHAT'S THE PRIZE
FOR FIRST PLACE?
A KISS FROM DOROTHY.
WHAT?
UH, IN ADDITION, I'LL GRANT
THE WINNER ANYTHING THEY DESIRE,
WITHIN REASON, OF COURSE.
DEAL. WHEN I WIN,
I WANT THE WHITE
DORM TORN DOWN
AND THE GOOD OL'
BLUE DORM
BROUGHT BACK.
DONE. WHAT ABOUT YOU?
IF I WIN, I WANT INTO
THE SLIFER RED DORM.
RED DORM?
THE WINNER DESERVES TO BE
ADMITTED INTO OBELISK BLUE,
BUT, HEY, IF IT'S
RED YOU WANT,
THEN WHO AM I
TO STAND IN YOUR WAY?
PERFECT.
HEY, WAIT.
YOU'RE THAT
GRADE-SCHOOL KID.
YOU KNOW HER?
SHE TRIED TO
SNEAK IN LAST YEAR.
SHE WAS OBSESSED
WITH ZANE, REMEMBER?
I'VE GROWN UP
SINCE THEN.
THE NAME IS BLAIR.
WHO'RE YOU?
TELL 'ER, BOYS.
All: THE CHAZZ. CHAZZ-MAN.
CHAZZBERRY PIE.
THE CHAZZMANIAN DEVIL.
CHAZZALICIOUS!
ALL RIGHT.
I THINK SHE
GETS THE POINT.
SHE'S ABOUT
TO GET CHAZZED.
Jaden: OF ALL
THE PLANETS OUT THERE,
WHY'D YA HAVE TO GO
AND MESS WITH OURS?
HA HA HA!
IT'S SIMPLE.
EARTH NEEDED A FACELIFT,
SO I CAME TO HELP.
NO, THANKS.
WHAT'S WRONG?
OH, I SEE.
YOU DON'T THINK
I'M CAPABLE OF A GOOD DEED?
I GUESS
THAT ALL DEPENDS.
EVERYONE HAS A DIFFERENT
DEFINITION OF "GOOD."
THE WAY I SEE IT,
YOUR PEOPLE
HAVE BEEN
DESTROYING THIS PLANET
FOR HUNDREDS OF YEARS,
SO DESTINY SENT ME
HERE TO STOP YOU,
AND SOON, ALL EARTHLINGS
WILL BE REBORN.
HMM, GAME ON.
VERY WELL.
FATE SHALL
LEAD THE WAY.
WRONG. I'LL LEAD OFF
WITH THIS--
MY ELEMENTAL HERO
BUBBLEMAN...
AND THANKS
TO HIS ABILITY,
I DRAW
TWO MORE CARDS.
NOW I CAN HOOK
HIM UP WITH THIS--
BUBBLE BLASTER.
ENOUGH CHILD'S PLAY.
HA HA HA!
I SUMMON ARCANA FORCE
SEVEN--THE CHARIOT.
ITS SPECIAL ABILITY DEPENDS
ON WHAT DIRECTION IT FACES.
NORMALLY, YOU DECIDE
WHEN IT STOPS.
HOWEVER, DESTINY
HAS ALREADY CHOSEN.
NO FAIR.
DON'T WORRY.
IT'S WHAT YOU
WOULD'VE PICKED.
WHAT? NO.
IT'S WHATEVER
IS BEST FOR YOU.
AND THAT JUST PROVES
I'M DESTINED TO WIN.
NOW, CHARIOT,
ATTACK BUBBLEMAN.
SORRY, BRO,
BUT THANKS
TO MY BLASTER,
BUBBLEMAN
IS JUST FINE.
HA HA HA!
JUST AS I PREDICTED.
YEAH, RIGHT.
NEXT, I PLAY
MY DIVINATION OF FATE.
HERE'S HOW IT WORKS.
SINCE YOUR BUBBLE MAN
SURVIVED THIS BATTLE PHASE,
I CAN SUMMON
A MONSTER OF MY OWN
AS LONG AS IT HAS THE WORDS
"ARCANA FORCE" IN ITS NAME,
SO, ARCANA FORCE SIX, ARISE.
WHAT DO YOU KNOW?
IT'S RIGHT SIDE UP.
HOW'S JADEN SUPPOSED
TO BEAT A GUY WHO CAN
CONTROL THE FUTURE?
TALK ABOUT SUCKING ALL
THE FUN OUT OF A DUEL.
I GOT A FEELIN' HE DIDN'T
COME HERE TO HAVE FUN.
THINK YOU'RE COOL?
WATCH THIS.
I ACTIVATE MY
E-EMERGENCY CALL.
NOW I CAN TRANSFER
AN ELEMENTAL HERO
FROM MY DECK TO MY HAND.
IS THAT SUPPOSED
TO FRIGHTEN ME?
IT WILL ONCE
I ACTIVATE MY DOUBLE
FUSION SPELL CARD.
OH, PLEASE.
YOU GAVE UP YOUR LIFE POINTS
JUST TO MERGE A FEW MONSTERS?
HA HA HA!
IT'LL TAKE MORE
THAN THAT TO SCARE ME.
LET'S PUT THAT
THEORY TO THE TEST.
GO AHEAD.
PROVE THAT YOU'RE
THE CHOSEN DUELIST.
LET'S SEE YOU DEFY DESTINY
AND EMERGE VICTORIOUS.
EVERYONE IS WAITING.
OHH...
I FUSE AVIAN
AND BURSTINATRIX
TO FORM ELEMENTAL HERO
FLAME WINGMAN.
AND IT DOESN'T
STOP THERE.
NEXT, I'LL FUSE SPARKMAN
WITH FLAME WINGMAN
TO CREATE ELEMENTAL HERO
SHINING FLARE WINGMAN.
NOW FOR SOME
BONUS ACTION.
SHINING FLARE WINGMAN
GAINS 300 ATTACK POINTS
FOR EVERY ELEMENTAL HERO
IN MY GRAVEYARD.
IT'S TIME TO SHOW
HIM WHAT YA GOT.
ATTACK THAT CHARIOT.
AAH! UGH! UHH...
AND LAST,
YOUR MONSTER'S
ATTACK POINTS
COME OUT
OF YOUR LIFE POINTS.
AAH!
UNH!
TAKE THAT.
AND THAT.
UH...UHH...
DID YA PREDICT THAT?
HA HA HA!
I ASSUME
THERE'S A REASON
YOU'RE LAUGHING.
CAN'T YOU FEEL IT?
THE LIGHT OF DESTRUCTION
NOW SHINES IN YOU.
DIDN'T IT FEEL GOOD
TO HURT ME,
TO WATCH ME
WRITHING IN PAIN?
MAYBE.
YOU'VE JUST
PROVEN MY POINT.
HUMANS LOVE DESTRUCTION,
AND THAT'S WHY YOUR PLANET
HAS BEEN DOOMED
SINCE THE HUMAN RACE BEGAN.
DON'T YOU SEE?
IT'S THE RECKLESSNESS
OF YOUR PEOPLE
THAT BROUGHT ME HERE.
ARE YOU DONE?
THE TRUTH IS PAINFUL
TO HEAR, ISN'T IT,
BUT YOU CAN'T
HIDE FROM IT
BY CLOSING YOUR EYES
TO THE LIGHT.
TRUST ME.
I DON'T HIDE
FROM ANYONE.
EXCEPT YOURSELF.
TAKE A LOOK.
WHAT DO YOU SEE?
WHO ARE YOU?
DEEP DOWN,
I THINK YOU KNOW.
YOU'RE JUST
ANOTHER ANGRY HUMAN
WHOSE HATRED FEEDS
THE LIGHT OF DESTRUCTION.
THE ANGRIER YOU GET,
THE MORE POWERFUL I BECOME,
AND BEFORE LONG, EVERYONE
ON EARTH WILL SEE THE LIGHT...
HA HA HA!
OHH...
AND THERE'S NOT A THING
YOU CAN DO TO STOP ME.
WATCH ME.
VERY WELL.
I'M WATCHING.
FIRST,
I SWITCH BUBBLEMAN
TO DEFENSE MODE.
NEXT, I SUMMON
NEO-SPACIAN
AIR HUMMINGBIRD.
HA HA HA!
YOU ACT CONFIDENT,
BUT THERE'S UNCERTAINTY
IN YOUR EYES.
YOUR HEAD GAMES
WON'T WORK.
NOW CHECK OUT
HUMMINGBIRD'S EFFECT.
FOR EVERY CARD
THAT'S IN YOUR HAND,
I GET 500 POINTS.
OHH...
NOT BAD, HUH?
WHO'S THE MAN?
JADEN.
AND WHO'S
THE EVIL PSYCHO
FROM OUTER SPACE?
SARTORIUS.
THANK YOU.
I PLAY MY LIGHT BARRIER.
I'M SURE
YOU KNOW BY NOW
THE POSITION IN WHICH IT LANDS
WILL DETERMINE ITS POWER.
OF COURSE, WITH THE WINDS
OF DESTINY AT MY BACK,
I ALREADY KNOW
THE OUTCOME.
NOW, LET THE LIGHT BARRIER
ENVELOP US.
AAH!
HUH!
THANKS TO THIS BARRIER,
THE POWERS OF ALL NON-ARCANA
FORCE MONSTERS ARE NOW NEGATED.
COME ON.
NEOS.
YOU MAY NOT HAVE SUMMONED
YOUR NEOS TO THE FIELD.
HOWEVER, I'M AFRAID
HE'S STILL POWERLESS.
IT'S TRUE.
THIS LIGHT BARRIER
IS DRAINING MY ENERGY.
THAT'S YOUR CUE,
MY PRINCE.
YES, MASTER.
WHAT
DID YOU SAY?
HA HA HA!
UH!
TAKE THE KEYS
AND UNLOCK THE FATE OF MAN.
HEH HEH.
ASTER!
HASSLEBERRY,
ARE YOU NUTS?
[PANTING]
HOLD ON.
[GRUNTING]
I WAS TAUGHT
THAT NO SOLIDER
GETS LEFT BEHIND.
GOOD JOB.
OJIN, GO.
TIME IS RUNNING OUT.
THE HOUR OF FATE
IS UPON US.
DON'T DO THIS.
SILENCE!
UH!
LINDA!
I'M FINE.
STOP THE PRINCE.
OJIN, WAIT!
Hassleberry:
FALL BACK, TRUESDALE.
LEAVE THE PRINCE TO ME.
KEEP AN EYE ON HIM.
I'M GOING WITH YOU.
HA HA HA!
IN MERE MOMENTS,
THE PEOPLE OF EARTH
WILL WORSHIP ME.
RGH!
Neos: JADEN.
HUH?
YOU CAN STILL STOP HIM.
WIN THIS DUEL,
AND THE LIGHT BARRIER
WILL BE BROKEN,
BUT YOU MUST HURRY.
NEOS, COME BACK.
OH, IT'S LIGHTS OUT
FOR YOU.
HA HA HA!
♪ CHILLIN' OUT
WITH THE CREW
IN THE SCHOOLYARD ♪
♪ FINDING TROUBLE ♪
♪ NEVER LOOKING
TOO HARD ♪
♪ WELL,
BACK AT CLASS ♪
♪ THEY NEVER
TAUGHT US THIS ♪
♪ SOME THINGS YOU GOTTA
LEARN HIT OR MISS ♪
♪ TOUGH TIMES,
HARD CLIMBS ♪
♪ WE'LL TAKE
'EM ON TOGETHER ♪
♪ RIGHT NOW ♪
♪ LET'S GO ♪
♪ YU-GI-OH GX ♪
♪ GAME ON,
GET YOUR GAME ON ♪
♪ COME ON, COME ON
AND GET YOUR GAME ON ♪